today our story is about twinkles and
the houseboat one day twinkles decided
to build a houseboat they use on the
lake while he was sawing and hammering
Sanford and Wilbur stopped by they said
Sanford the boastful parrot it's a good
idea
Wilbur let's make a boat to fine Wilbur
agreed but let's make ours different
from twinkles his looks too hard to make
at Sanford and Wilbur began gathering
wood to build they're both twinkle said
just be sure you build your boat strong
sometimes to get stormy on the lake but
Sanford only laughed always worrying he
said there isn't a cloud in the sky
Wilbur and Sanford decided it would be
easier to build a raft in a houseboat
and in no time at all they were finished
laughs Sanford we're already finished so
long twinkles here we go
they pushed off on their raft twinkles
kept on working just as he nailed the
last board lightning crashed across the
sky the wind blew ripples across the
lake and the rains came out on the lake
Wilbur looked worried and said Lake sure
is getting rough listening to our rap
the Winkle's was worried about his
friends and steered toward them in his
sturdy houseboat it didn't take long for
the storm to break up the raft Wilbur
and Sanford jumped in the water and
slammed a twinkle quote twinkles help
them aboard and when they were all safe
and snug inside his cabin twinkles said
you see whenever you do anything it pays
to do the very best you can as the end
the TV said all's on my head and now my
royal TV said is getting interference it
was pity aerials higher I'm sure I can
fix it while you're waiting for more of
the cartoon
here's that special message you are
writing your subjects
you